Article 0:

We include products we think are useful for our readers. If you buy through links on this page, we may earn a small commission Here’s our process. How we vet brands and products Healthline only shows you brands and products that we stand behind. Our team thoroughly researches and evaluates the recommendations we make on our site. To establish that the product manufacturers addressed safety and efficacy standards, we: Evaluate ingredients and composition: Do they have the potential to cause harm?

Do they have the potential to cause harm? Fact-check all health claims: Do they align with the current body of scientific evidence?

Do they align with the current body of scientific evidence? Assess the brand: Does it operate with integrity and adhere to industry best practices? We do the research so you can find trusted products for your health and wellness. Read more about our vetting process. Was this helpful?

Healthline’s dietitians rounded up the best protein powders by type, including options for whey, casein, egg white, and plant-based powders. See the 13 products that made our list.

How we chose Healthline’s dietitians determined the best protein powders using the following criteria: Ingredient and nutrient quality: We looked for products that are made from high quality ingredients and contain minimal amounts of added sugars and artificial additives.

We looked for products that are made from high quality ingredients and contain minimal amounts of added sugars and artificial additives. Quality testing: We prioritized products that are third-party tested for quality, accuracy, and purity. We also looked for products that are third-party certified to be safe for competitive athletes.

We prioritized products that are third-party tested for quality, accuracy, and purity. We also looked for products that are third-party certified to be safe for competitive athletes. Reviews: The protein powders listed below either have been tried and recommended by Healthline editors or have mostly positive online reviews.

The protein powders listed below either have been tried and recommended by Healthline editors or have mostly positive online reviews. Price: We included options to suit a variety of budgets. Additionally, every brand and product on our list has been vetted to ensure that it aligns with Healthline’s brand integrity standards and approach to well-being. Each product in this article meets the following criteria: FDA compliance: All brands and products adhere to allowable health claims and labeling requirements, per Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulations. Additionally, products are manufactured in facilities that adhere to the Current Good Manufacturing Practices established by the FDA.

All brands and products adhere to allowable health claims and labeling requirements, per Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulations. Additionally, products are manufactured in facilities that adhere to the Current Good Manufacturing Practices established by the FDA. Medical and business standards: Products are produced by medically credible companies that follow ethical, legal, and industry best standards. Companies also provide objective measures of trust, such as having their supplements validated by third-party labs.

Products are produced by medically credible companies that follow ethical, legal, and industry best standards. Companies also provide objective measures of trust, such as having their supplements validated by third-party labs. Health claims: Products do not make outlandish health or medical claims, and any claims that are made align with Healthline’s approach to well-being.

How to choose a protein powder When choosing a protein powder, you’ll want to consider several factors, including: Protein source: Protein powders contain either animal-based or plant-based protein sources. Examples of animal-based proteins include casein, whey, collagen, soy, and egg. Plant-based protein powders often contain pea, rice, or hemp protein. Some vegan blends also contain whole grains, nuts, and seeds.

Protein powders contain either animal-based or plant-based protein sources. Examples of animal-based proteins include casein, whey, collagen, soy, and egg. Plant-based protein powders often contain pea, rice, or hemp protein. Some vegan blends also contain whole grains, nuts, and seeds. Additional ingredients: Look for protein powders that have as few ingredients as possible. Always check the labels carefully, and consider avoiding products containing artificial sweeteners, colors, and flavors.

Look for protein powders that have as few ingredients as possible. Always check the labels carefully, and consider avoiding products containing artificial sweeteners, colors, and flavors. Quality testing: Because the FDA doesn’t evaluate the safety, quality, or effectiveness of protein powders, it’s best to choose products that are third-party tested to ensure purity and potency.

Because the FDA doesn’t evaluate the safety, quality, or effectiveness of protein powders, it’s best to choose products that are third-party tested to ensure purity and potency. “Safe for sport” designation: Competitive athletes may want to choose a protein powder that has been tested for banned substances by an organization such as NSF International or Informed Sport.

What type is best? The type of protein powder you choose depends on your dietary needs, health goals, and personal preferences, such as: Whey: Whey is a milk-based protein that’s quickly and easily digested and absorbed. When combined with resistance training, whey protein may help increase muscle mass, support growth, and speed post-workout recovery, so it’s a great choice for athletes ( 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 ).

Whey is a milk-based protein that’s quickly and easily digested and absorbed. When combined with resistance training, whey protein may help increase muscle mass, support growth, and speed post-workout recovery, so it’s a great choice for athletes ( , , , ). Casein: Casein is a protein in milk that is digested and absorbed slowly, which can help you feel full longer, so it may help reduce your appetite. The slower digestion and absorption rate may also support muscle growth and recovery over longer periods ( 11 , 12 ).

Casein is a protein in milk that is digested and absorbed slowly, which can help you feel full longer, so it may help reduce your appetite. The slower digestion and absorption rate may also support muscle growth and recovery over longer periods ( , ). Egg white: Egg white protein is a great alternative to whey or casein protein, especially for people with an allergy to dairy products.

Egg white protein is a great alternative to whey or casein protein, especially for people with an allergy to dairy products. Collagen powder: Collagen is a component of muscles, and supplementing with it may help stimulate muscle growth when combined with resistance training ( 13 , 14 ).

Collagen is a component of muscles, and supplementing with it may help stimulate muscle growth when combined with resistance training ( , ). Plant-based: People following a vegan lifestyle should opt for plant-based protein sources such as pea or brown rice. These can also be suitable for people who follow a dairy-free diet or have trouble digesting dairy or lactose (15, 16). Concentrate vs. isolate vs. hydrolysate The specific form of protein may also be important to consider. Whey protein, in particular, is available in concentrate, isolate, or hydrolysate form, although many supplements contain a combination of the three. Although whey concentrate and isolate offer similar benefits, whey protein isolate undergoes processing methods that result in a higher concentration of protein and lower amounts of fat, carbs, and lactose. As such, it may be a better option for people who are limiting their consumption of fat, carbs, or lactose. Meanwhile, whey hydrolysate, or hydrolyzed whey, has been partially broken down to ease digestion and speed absorption ( 17 ).

How to use protein powder Keep in mind that protein powder should not be used to replace healthy sources of protein in your diet because high protein foods also provide other valuable nutrients, such as fiber, vitamins, and minerals. Still, supplements can be an easy and convenient way to increase your protein intake, as there are many ways to use protein powder. The simplest way is to mix it with a beverage, such as water or milk, or blend it with other ingredients, such as fruits and veggies, to create a smoothie. You can also mix protein powder into simple foods such as yogurt, oatmeal, or dips. If you feel like getting creative, you can experiment with using protein powder as an addition or substitution in your usual recipes. For example, you can use protein powder in soups, veggie burgers, pancakes, and baked goods. Timesaving tip To save time, make a larger portion of smoothie mixture and freeze it to make individual ice pops. Was this helpful? When is the best time to take protein? The best time to take protein powder depends on your health goals. You may want to have one large portion or several small portions of protein per day. To lose weight: Try incorporating more high protein foods throughout the day, as studies show that increasing your intake of protein could help reduce appetite and cravings ( 18 ).

Try incorporating more high protein foods throughout the day, as studies show that increasing your intake of protein could help reduce appetite and cravings ( ). To improve athletic performance or endurance: When to consume protein powder largely depends on your overall fitness goals. While some studies show a benefit of consuming protein prior to aerobic exercise, research suggests that the amount of protein you consume throughout the day is more important than the timing ( 19 ).

When to consume protein powder largely depends on your overall fitness goals. While some studies show a benefit of consuming protein prior to aerobic exercise, research suggests that the amount of protein you consume throughout the day is more important than the timing ( ). To build muscle: It’s generally recommended to consume protein powder within 2 hours of a weightlifting session. Some research also suggests that taking protein powder before you go to sleep may help your muscles recover overnight. But research shows that daily protein intake is the most important factor in muscle building ( 20 , 21 ).

It’s generally recommended to consume protein powder within 2 hours of a weightlifting session. Some research also suggests that taking protein powder before you go to sleep may help your muscles recover overnight. But research shows that daily protein intake is the most important factor in muscle building ( , ). To prevent muscle loss: Focus on eating moderate amounts of protein throughout the day to help prevent muscle loss in older adults ( 22 ).

What are the benefits of using protein powder? Protein powder can be a quick and convenient option to increase your protein intake. This may be especially beneficial for people who have increased protein needs, have difficulty meeting their needs through food sources alone, or have certain dietary restrictions, such as a vegan or vegetarian diet. Many athletes take protein powder after exercising, which may help enhance muscle growth and speed up post-workout recovery ( 20 ). Additionally, enjoying a protein shake or high protein snack may even support weight loss by increasing feelings of fullness between meals ( 18 ).

Is protein powder safe? Protein powders are generally well tolerated and have few side effects, so they are safe for most adults. However, certain types of protein may affect you, especially in terms of digestion. Certain types of protein can cause gas, bloating, or stomach cramps. Skin reactions are also possible. Some supplements could contain contaminants, such as yeast or bacteria, which can cause foodborne illness ( 23 ). They may also contain heavy metals, which can negatively affect the health of your kidneys, brain, thyroid gland, and reproductive system if consumed in large amounts ( 24 ). Choosing a high quality product that has undergone third-party testing for purity and potency can help minimize the risk of contamination with these harmful compounds. If you have a medical condition, are pregnant or breastfeeding, or take any medications that could be affected by protein powders, talk with a healthcare professional before using one.

Frequently asked questions Are protein powders regulated by the FDA? The FDA regulates supplements, including protein powders, as food products rather than medications, meaning that it doesn’t evaluate supplements for effectiveness or safety ( 25 ). For this reason, it’s especially important to choose a product that is third-party tested or certified whenever possible. Are protein powders good for you? Protein powders can be a helpful addition to an overall balanced diet by helping you bump up your protein intake to meet your health goals. In particular, increasing your protein consumption may support weight loss, muscle growth, and post-workout recovery ( 18 , 20 , 26 ). Additionally, some products contain essential nutrients that may be helpful if you’re unable to meet your nutrient needs through diet alone. With that said, not all products are created equal, and some could potentially expose you to heavy metals and other contaminants. Always make sure to purchase a product that has been thoroughly tested for purity and potency, ideally by a third-party lab. Which protein powder is best for beginners? Gainful is a great option for beginners, as it creates a custom protein blend based on your dietary needs and fitness goals. What’s more, you can mix and match the Flavor Boosts to find what works for you. Each subscription also includes personalized nutrition advice from a registered dietitian. Which protein powder is best for muscle gain? If gaining muscle mass is your goal, research suggests choosing a product with at least 20 g of high quality protein and minimal fillers, sweeteners, and artificial ingredients ( 20 ). Though any of the protein powders listed above can support muscle gain when paired with resistance training, Naked Whey Protein Powder is a particularly great option that is low in carbs and provides a concentrated dose of protein in each serving. Is whey protein better than plant-based protein? Plant-based protein can be a great option for vegans and people who are unable to tolerate dairy. However, whey and plant-based protein powders offer a similar set of health benefits. In fact, some research suggests that whey protein and plant-based protein can be equally effective at increasing muscle growth and strength, as long as they contain the same amount of protein and branched-chain amino acids — a group of amino acids that boost muscle building — per serving ( 27 , 28 , 29 ). What is the best protein powder for weight loss? Whey protein is a great option for weight loss, as studies have shown that it could improve body composition when paired with resistance training ( 7 ). Plant-based protein powders can also be a good dairy-free alternative if you’re trying to lose weight. According to one small study of 30 people, whey protein and pea protein were similarly effective at reducing appetite and daily calorie intake when consumed as part of a high protein breakfast ( 30 ).

Article 1:

Here are the 10 best pre-workout supplements for women — or any healthy adult, regardless of gender.

That said, not all products are created equal.

Depending on their ingredients, they can help build lean muscle, improve exercise performance and recovery, and even increase overall energy expenditure in healthy adults ( 1 , 2 , 3 ).

Pre-workout supplements have become increasingly popular among women looking to ramp up their fitness routines.

We do the research so you can find trusted products for your health and wellness.

Our team thoroughly researches and evaluates the recommendations we make on our site. To establish that the product manufacturers addressed safety and efficacy standards, we:

Healthline only shows you brands and products that we stand behind.

We include products we think are useful for our readers. If you buy through links on this page, we may earn a small commission Here’s our process .

Therefore, the supplements on this list are appropriate for any healthy adult, regardless of gender.

It’s also important to note that while many of these pre-workout supplements are marketed toward women, the products are not formulated to meet women’s specific nutritional needs.

BCAAs have been shown to increase muscle growth and decrease muscle soreness, though more research is needed ( 13 , 14 ).

Branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) are a group of three essential amino acids: leucine, isoleucine, and valine.

Creatine is one of the most studied supplements in the fitness industry and has been shown to improve both muscle strength and weightlifting performance ( 12 ).

If increasing strength is your top priority, look for a pre-workout supplement that includes creatine .

While some studies suggest that it boosts nitric oxide production, L-arginine has not been found to benefit exercise performance, as it’s broken down before it reaches the bloodstream ( 10 , 11 ).

L-arginine is another amino acid that’s frequently found in pre-workouts, either on its own or with L-citrulline.

L-citrulline is another amino acid to look for, as it has been shown to boost nitric oxide production, which improves blood flow to the muscles. As a result, your muscles can receive more oxygen and more nutrients to support muscle performance and growth ( 8 , 9 ).

However, beta-alanine can cause a harmless tingling sensation that some individuals dislike.

Another common ingredient is beta-alanine — an amino acid that research suggests may prevent the buildup of acid in muscle tissue, allowing your muscles to work harder ( 6 , 7 ).

While caffeine has been shown to improve strength and athletic performance, some individuals may be more sensitive to caffeine’s stimulant effects ( 4 , 5 ).

When looking for a pre-workout supplement, women should consider the specific ingredients, as some have been shown to be more effective than others. Additionally, some ingredients may cause unwanted side effects.

Note that the serving recommendations vary between 1 and 2 scoops.

Generally, prices range from $0.66–$1.90 per serving, or $19.99–$49 per container, though this may vary depending on where you shop.

General price ranges with dollar signs ($–$$$) are indicated below. One dollar sign means the product is rather affordable, whereas three dollar signs indicate a higher cost.

On the other hand, it may be best to avoid some ingredients because of potential side effects or dietary preferences. For example, you may prefer to avoid:

Ingredients you may want to look for a pre-workout product include:

Finally, given that stimulants affect everyone differently, we recommend starting with a smaller dose of any caffeinated pre-workout supplement to assess your tolerance.

Therefore, it’s important to speak with a healthcare professional before trying any new supplements ( 15 ).

While pre-workouts are considered safe for healthy adults, certain ingredients are not recommended for those who take certain medications or are pregnant or breastfeeding.

Pre-workout supplements may help boost your energy levels and improve your athletic performance. However, not all supplements are created equal. Here are some factors to consider.

Best natural pre-workout

Price: $

$ Active ingredients: beta-alanine, creatine monohydrate, L-arginine, caffeine

Naked Energy is not only certified gluten-free and vegan but also free of soy, dairy, preservatives, and artificial sweeteners.

Plus, it has been third-party tested by Eurofins Scientific, so you can trust the quality of its ingredients.

Speaking of ingredients, Naked Energy includes 200 mg caffeine, which is equivalent to approximately two 8-ounce (237-mL) cups of coffee.

It also contains beta-alanine and creatine, making the supplement a great choice if you’re looking for a pre-workout to boost your energy levels and help build muscle.

However, it includes L-arginine rather than L-citrulline, so you likely won’t reap any improved blood flow benefits.

If the unflavored version is too natural for your taste, this supplement also comes in a fruit punch flavor that’s sweetened with pure cane sugar and natural flavors.

Many customers agree that the taste isn’t the best, but its simple, natural ingredients and effectiveness more than make up for it.

Pros third-party tested

certified gluten-free

vegan-friendly

free from soy, dairy, preservatives, and artificial sweeteners

affordable Considerations not the best tasting

not suitable for those sensitive to caffeine Was this helpful?

Best caffeinated

Price: $$$

$$$ Active ingredients: L-citrulline, beta-alanine, betaine anhydrous, caffeine anhydrous, L-theanine

If you’re a seasoned caffeine drinker, this pre-workout may give you the kickstart you’re looking for. That said, if caffeine isn’t your thing, 1 of the 10 flavors (green apple) is caffeine-free.

If you do opt for a caffeinated flavor, each 2-scoop (24.2-gram) serving contains 350 mg of caffeine.

Keep in mind that an 8-ounce (237-mL) cup of coffee contains about 95 mg of caffeine, so it’s not a bad idea to try a one-half serving first to assess your tolerance before going all in.

The rest of the ingredient list makes this pre-workout supplement ideal for both strength and endurance training.

In addition to beta-alanine and L-citrulline, the ingredients include L-theanine, which may help lessen the intensity felt by such a big dose of caffeine ( 16 ).

Finally, you can rest assured that you’re getting what’s on the label, as this product is third-party certified by Labdoor.

Pros third-party tested

variety of flavors

formulated for strength and endurance training Considerations expensive

not suitable for those sensitive to caffeine Was this helpful?

Best for strength training

Price: $$

$$ Active ingredients: creatine monohydrate, AstraGin proprietary blend (Panax notoginseng extract and Astragalus membranaceus), beta-alanine, L-citrulline, acetyl-L-carnitine hydrochloride, L-tyrosine, caffeine, citrus bioflavonoid complex

With 3 grams of creatine per scoop (10 grams), Optimum Nutrition Gold Standard Pre-Workout is great if you’re looking to build muscle and strength in the gym.

One serving also includes beta-alanine and a more modest 175 mg of caffeine to help your muscles work harder and fight fatigue.

Optimum Nutrition’s pre-workout is certified by Informed Choice — a third-party testing organization that specifically tests products for impurities and the presence of substances banned in sports.

It’s worth noting that the supplement includes a proprietary blend called AstraGin, which includes Panax notoginseng extract and Astragalus membranous.

AstraGin is considered safe for healthy adults, and it’s thought to support the absorption of nutrients in the body and boost energy levels. However, there are currently no studies in humans to confirm these effects ( 17 ).

Pros third-party tested

affordable

formulated for strength training

multiple flavors Considerations exact amounts of ingredients in the proprietary blend aren’t disclosed

not suitable for those sensitive to caffeine Was this helpful?

Best-tasting

Price: $$

$$ Active ingredients: L-citrulline malate 2:1, beta-alanine, L-tyrosine, caffeine, L-theanine

With 10 unique flavors to choose from, such as Rainbow Candy, Carnival Candy Grape, and Hawaiian Shaved Ice, it’s easy to see why this pre-workout is a fan favorite.

Not only does Alani Nu taste delicious, but its ingredient mix is simple and effective.

Each scoop (9.9 grams) provides 200 mg of caffeine, 200 mg of L-theanine, 6 grams of L-citrulline, and 1.6 grams of beta-alanine to boost energy, attenuate caffeine jitters, improve blood flow, and fight muscle fatigue.

Plus, this pre-workout includes L-tyrosine, which may help improve performance by increasing adrenaline and dopamine — two neurotransmitters thought to be beneficial during exercise, particularly in heat or unfavorable conditions, though the research is limited (18, 19 , 20 ).

Alani Nu’s products are manufactured in a Current Good Manufacturing Practices (CGMP)-compliant facility, and the pre-workout powder has more than 7,000 mostly positive online reviews, with customers noting its great taste and energy-boosting effect.

Pros CGMP-compliant facility

great taste

multiple flavors

formulated for endurance and pump Cons not third-party tested

relatively expensive

may not be suitable for those sensitive to caffeine Was this helpful?

Best for caffeine-sensitive

Price: $$$

$$$ Active ingredients: coconut sugar, calcium, sodium, potassium, coconut water, green coffee bean, matcha green tea, yerba mate, pomegranate juice powder, beet root juice powder, ashwagandha, rhodiola root, panax ginseng, maca root

If the tingles from beta-alanine and large doses of caffeine aren’t your thing, this pre-workout from Ora Organic is a better choice.

In addition to being free of beta-alanine, each 1-scoop (10-gram) serving includes just 90 mg caffeine — about the same amount as 1 cup (237 mL) of coffee.

Another ingredient that you’ll see in this product is beetroot juice, which may increase nitric oxide production and blood flow to your muscles, though more research is still needed ( 21 , 22 ).

Lastly, this pre-workout includes adaptations, which are substances used in herbal medicine to help counteract stress. When it comes to exercise, adaptogens may help fight fatigue and improve mental performance ( 23 ).

All Ora Organic products are third-party tested by various organizations, including Eurofins and JK BioScience Analytical Laboratories, and certificates of analysis (COAs) are available to allow customers to view testing results.

Based on reviews, customers appreciate the company’s testing process and use of high quality ingredients. However, many note that the taste is not spectacular.

Pros third-party tested

lower caffeine dose

certified organic

vegan

multiple flavors Considerations expensive

some dislike the taste

exact amounts of ingredients in proprietary blends aren’t disclosed Was this helpful?

Best caffeine-free

Price: $$$

$$$ Active ingredients: citrulline malate, BCAAs, beta-alanine, betaine anhydrous, taurine, L-tyrosine, choline bitartrate, elevATP Ancient Peat and Apple Fruit Extract, black pepper extract, huperzine A

Transparent Labs Stim-Free is geared toward those looking to avoid stimulants altogether.

This pre-workout supplement has been third-party tested and delivers effective ingredients to give your workout a boost, just without the caffeine.

On the ingredient list, you’ll find L-citrulline for improved blood flow to your muscles during exercise, as well as beta-alanine.

Just keep in mind that while this product is completely stimulant-free, beta-alanine can cause a harmless tingling sensation.

This product also contains a few unique ingredients, including black pepper extract, which may have anti-inflammatory properties ( 24 ).

You’ll also see huperzine A, an extract from a plant known as Chinese club moss (Huperzia serrata). The substance is thought to boost your mental energy, though recent research has found it to be ineffective for this purpose ( 25 ).

Pros third-party tested

stimulant-free

gluten-free

free of artificial sweeteners, colors, and preservatives Considerations expensive Was this helpful?

Best personalized pre-workout

Price: $$$

$$$ Active ingredients: caffeine, L-theanine, L-citrulline, creatine, beta-alanine, BCAAs

Gainful is a subscription-based company that specializes in personalized protein powders based on the results of an online quiz.

While it can get pricey, a subscription also includes access to a registered dietitian who can provide expert and personalized advice.

Gainful Preworkout is formulated to support endurance and recovery with the inclusion of caffeine, creatine, L-theanine, L-citrulline, beta-alanine, and BCAAs. Just keep in mind that the specific dose of each ingredient varies based on your information from the quiz.

Gainful products are third-party tested, and COAs are available upon request.

Pros personalized formulations

third-party tested

access to registered dietitian Considerations expensive

subscription required Was this helpful?

Best pre-workout for pump

Price: $$$

$$$ Active ingredients: beta-alanine, L-citrulline, creatine monohydrate, L-arginine, BCAAs, caffeine, alpha lipoic acid

Do Vitamins Pure Pump pre-workout includes the amino acids L-citrulline and L-arginine to increase the pump you feel during resistance exercise.

L-citrulline has been shown to improve blood flow to the muscles, which can lead to a pump. However, L-arginine is broken down before it reaches your bloodstream, so it’s unlikely to make a difference ( 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 ).

Creatine monohydrate is also included, making this a good option for strength-based workouts ( 12 ).

Lastly, Do Vitamins Pure Pump contains alpha lipoic acid, which has been shown to have anti-inflammatory properties that may be beneficial in improving muscle recovery, though more research on its effectiveness as a pre-workout is needed ( 26 ).

This pre-workout is also certified vegan and third-party tested by Labdoor.

Pros third-party tested

unflavored and lemon flavor available

designed for strength training Considerations expensive Was this helpful?

Best gluten-free

Price: $$

$$ Active ingredients: sodium, vitamin C, vitamin K1, vitamin B12, cane sugar, baobab, coffee fruit extract, emblic fruit extract, spinach, beet root, kale

Garden of Life SPORT Organic Plant-Based Energy is made from real food ingredients and is certified vegan and gluten-free. It also carries Informed Choice and NSF Certified for Sport certifications.

The organic antioxidant energy blend contains natural fruit extracts and coffee fruit extract.

However, each serving contains just 85 mg of caffeine, making this a great choice for someone who prefers a lower dose of caffeine.

The organic nitric oxide blend is comprised of spinach, beet, and kale. While beets may boost blood flow to your muscles, more research is still needed ( 21 , 22 ).

Keep in mind these are proprietary blends, so the exact amount of each ingredient may not be disclosed. If you are sensitive to any of the individual ingredients, this may not be the best pre-workout choice for you.

Pros certified vegan

certified gluten-free

certified organic

Informed Choice certified and NSF Certified for Sport

real food ingredients Considerations exact amounts of ingredients in proprietary blends aren’t disclosed Was this helpful?

Best nootropic

Price: $$$

$$$ Active ingredients: L-citrulline malate, beta-alanine, L-tyrosine, L-arginine, taurine, Alpha-glycerylphosphorylcholine (Alpha GPC), hydroxyisocaproic acid (HICA), ElevATP, rhodiola rosea, theobromine, AstraGin, Huperzia serrata

Nootropics are compounds that are thought to help improve cognitive function. This pre-workout contains a few nootropics, including Alpha-GPC, theobromine, rhodiola rosea, Huperzia serrata, and Panax notoginseng.

While these nootropics may be beneficial for mental performance, more research is needed ( 27 , 28 , 29 , 30 ).

This supplement also contains AstraGin, which is a proprietary blend including Panax notoginseng extract and Astragalus membranaceus. While it’s thought that AstraGin may boost energy levels, there are currently no human studies to support this effect ( 17 ).

Genius Pre is third-party tested by Labdoor.

Article 2:

We do the research so you can find trusted products for your health and wellness.

Our team thoroughly researches and evaluates the recommendations we make on our site. To establish that the product manufacturers addressed safety and efficacy standards, we:

Healthline only shows you brands and products that we stand behind.

How we vet brands and products

We include products we think are useful for our readers. If you buy through links on this page, we may earn a small commission Here’s our process .

Generally, prices range from $0.22–$2.00 per serving or $19.99–$59.95 per container, though this may vary depending on where you shop.

General price ranges with dollar signs ($–$$$) are indicated below. One dollar sign means the product is one of the least expensive on the list, whereas three dollar signs indicate a higher cost.

Here are 7 of the best-tasting protein powders on the market.

Finding a supplement that tastes good can also be challenging, especially if you’re looking to avoid products pumped full of sugar, additives, and artificial ingredients.

However, with so many varieties to choose from, it can be tricky to determine which ones are worth their price tag.

Whether you’re looking to ramp up your gym routine or simply fill the gaps in your diet, protein powder is a great ingredient to have on hand.

Best plant-based

Protein source: pea, flaxseeds, quinoa, pumpkin seeds, and chia seeds

pea, flaxseeds, quinoa, pumpkin seeds, and chia seeds Available flavors: chocolate, vanilla, salted caramel, blueberry muffin, chocolate peanut butter, chocolate chip mint, and unflavored

chocolate, vanilla, salted caramel, blueberry muffin, chocolate peanut butter, chocolate chip mint, and unflavored Nutritional stats per 2-scoop (39-gram) serving: Calories: 170 Protein: 20 grams Carbs: 9 grams Added sugar: 2 grams



Price: $$

With a protein blend sourced from peas, flaxseeds, quinoa, pumpkin seeds, and chia seeds, KOS Organic Plant Protein can be a delicious and nutritious addition to any plant-based diet.

It’s not only made using organic ingredients, but it’s also free of gluten, soy, and dairy, making it a great choice for those with food allergies and sensitivities.

However, keep in mind that it contains tree nuts and should be avoided by those with a tree nut allergy.

KOS protein powder is popular because it has a sweet flavor, blends well, and doesn’t have as much of an aftertaste as other products.

It also provides 20 grams of protein per serving and contains digestive enzymes, which can help support healthy digestion and enhance nutrient absorption ( 1 , 2 ).

KOS protein powder is available in both chocolate and vanilla.

Best low carb

Protein source: whey protein blend

whey protein blend Available flavors: banana cream, chocolate coconut, chocolate malt, chocolate peanut butter, coffee, cookies & cream, delicious strawberry, extreme milk chocolate, French vanilla, mint chocolate, rocky road, strawberry & creme, strawberry banana, vanilla ice cream, and white chocolate

banana cream, chocolate coconut, chocolate malt, chocolate peanut butter, coffee, cookies & cream, delicious strawberry, extreme milk chocolate, French vanilla, mint chocolate, rocky road, strawberry & creme, strawberry banana, vanilla ice cream, and white chocolate Nutritional stats per 1-scoop (31-gram) serving: Calories: 110 Protein: 24 grams Carbs: 2 grams Added sugar: 2 grams



Price: $$

If you’re looking to cut back on your carb intake, Optimum Nutrition Gold Standard 100% Whey is a great choice.

In addition to packing 24 grams of protein into each serving, this whey-based protein powder contains just 2 grams of total carbs.

It’s also rich in several key micronutrients, including calcium and potassium.

Plus, compared with many other protein powders on the market, it’s less chalky and can be easily mixed into liquids without leaving large chunks. Moreover, it’s available in a variety of flavors.

Best vanilla

Protein source: whey concentrate

whey concentrate Available flavors: chocolate, chocolate peanut butter, cold brew, mocha, strawberry, vanilla, vanilla cinnamon, and unflavored

chocolate, chocolate peanut butter, cold brew, mocha, strawberry, vanilla, vanilla cinnamon, and unflavored Nutritional stats per 1-scoop (32-gram) serving: Calories: 130 Protein: 24 grams Carbs: 3 grams Added sugar: 0 grams



Price: $

Boasting 24 grams of protein in every serving, Levels 100% Grass Fed Whey Protein offers a guilt-free way to satisfy any sweet tooth.

It has a great texture that dissolves easily, along with a smooth flavor and consistency.

It also contains over 5 grams of branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs), a type of essential amino acid that has been shown to boost muscle protein synthesis, speed post-workout recovery, and increase exercise performance ( 3 , 4 , 5 ).

This protein powder is available in several flavored and unflavored varieties, including vanilla bean and vanilla cinnamon.

Best chocolate

Protein source: pea, pumpkin seeds, sunflower seeds, and alfalfa

pea, pumpkin seeds, sunflower seeds, and alfalfa Available flavors: chocolate, berry, chocolate + vanilla, mocha, peanut butter, and vanilla

chocolate, berry, chocolate + vanilla, mocha, peanut butter, and vanilla Nutritional stats per 1-scoop (44-gram) serving: Calories: 160 Protein: 30 grams Carbs: 6 grams Added sugar: 2 grams



Price: $$$

Rich in both flavor and protein, Vega Sport Premium Protein is a chocolate protein powder made from a plant-based blend of peas, pumpkin seeds, sunflower seeds, and alfalfa.

It provides 30 grams of protein per serving, along with all 9 essential amino acids — building blocks of proteins that have to be obtained from food sources, as they can’t be produced by the body ( 6 ).

The powder also contains probiotics, a type of beneficial bacteria found in the gut that has been associated with improved digestive health, decreased inflammation, and enhanced immune function ( 7 ).

Plus, Vega Sport Premium Protein is certified for sport by NSF International, which is a third-party company that tests sports supplements to ensure that they’re free of banned substances.

In addition to its rich, slightly sweet flavor, the powder takes on a thick, smooth texture when mixed with water or milk.

Best with probiotics

Protein source: pea, chlorella, sprouted grains (brown rice, amaranth, buckwheat, millet, and quinoa), sprouted seeds (chia seeds, flaxseeds, sunflower seeds, pumpkin seeds, and sesame seeds), and sprouted beans and lentils (garbanzo beans, adzuki beans, and lentils)

pea, chlorella, sprouted grains (brown rice, amaranth, buckwheat, millet, and quinoa), sprouted seeds (chia seeds, flaxseeds, sunflower seeds, pumpkin seeds, and sesame seeds), and sprouted beans and lentils (garbanzo beans, adzuki beans, and lentils) Flavors: chocolate, rich chocolate, vanilla, vanilla bean, vanilla chai, and unflavored

chocolate, rich chocolate, vanilla, vanilla bean, vanilla chai, and unflavored Nutritional stats per 1-scoop (31-gram) serving: Calories: 110 Protein: 22 grams Carbs: 2 grams Added sugar: 0 grams



Price: $$

Garden of Life RAW Organic Protein contains a mix of plant-based protein sources and is highly absorbable.

It delivers 22 grams of protein per serving and contains probiotics and digestive enzymes.

In addition to promoting gut health, some studies show that probiotics could help reduce cholesterol and blood pressure levels, support skin health, and alleviate symptoms of depression and anxiety ( 8 ).

Digestive enzymes, on the other hand, can help ensure that the body is able to break down proteins, fats, and carbs efficiently to maximize nutrient absorption ( 9 ).

Available in chocolate and vanilla, it dissolves well in liquid and doesn’t have a chalky or unpleasant aftertaste.

Best for weight loss

Protein source: pea

pea Available flavors: unflavored

unflavored Nutritional stats per 1-tablespoon (10-gram) serving: Calories: 35 Protein: 8 grams Carbs: less than 1 gram Added sugar: 0 grams



Price: $

Low in calories yet loaded with plant-based protein, Anthony’s Premium Pea Protein is a great option if you’re looking to lose weight.

In fact, each tablespoon (10 grams) contains 8 grams of protein, along with just 35 calories and less than 1 gram of carbs.

It’s also unflavored, which makes it great for blending with your choice of ingredients, including fruits, vegetables, herbs, and spices.

Plus, as the powder is measured in tablespoons rather than scoops, it’s easier to customize the nutritional profile of your smoothie or shake, compared with other protein powders.

Interestingly, a study in 39 people found that consuming pea protein was more effective at decreasing hunger, reducing the desire to eat, and increasing feelings of fullness than other types of protein, making it a great option for weight loss ( 10 ).

Best organic

Protein source: pea, brown rice, and chia seeds

pea, brown rice, and chia seeds Available flavors: chocolate and vanilla

chocolate and vanilla Nutritional stats per 2-scoop (51-gram) serving: Calories: 160 Protein: 21 grams Carbs: 21 grams Added sugar: 0 grams



Price: $$

Orgain Organic Plant Based Protein + Superfoods Powder is an organic protein powder made from a fusion of pea protein, brown rice, and chia seeds.

It also features a variety of nutrient-dense ingredients, including organic berries, nuts, greens, herbs, and veggies.

What’s more, the powder is naturally sweetened and has a delicious flavor that can be mixed into your choice of liquid, giving it a smooth and even consistency.

In addition to providing 21 grams of protein per serving, Orgain’s protein powder contains 3 grams of fiber and is free of added sugar, gluten, dairy, soy, and artificial ingredients.

Article 3:

Nova Postagem



Whey protein, suas diferenças, quando e como tomar:

- O que é Whey protein?

Whey protein é a proteína do soro do leite que é extraído durante o processo de fabricação do queijo, ele possui aminoácidos essências de rápida absorção que ajudam na construção/recuperação muscular e na síntese proteica. Devido ao seu alto valor nutricional o Whey protein se mostrou um forte aliado de quem busca fontes de proteínas saudáveis.

- Qual Whey devo tomar?

Existem 3 tipos de Whey Protein que se encontram no mercado: concentrado, isolado e hidrolisado, entretanto, cada um deles atende cada necessidade especifica de um indivíduo.

Concentrado : Passa apenas por uma filtragem e é o mais utilizado para quem não tem nenhum tipo de restrição com a lactose, ele possui de 30% a 80% de concentração de proteína e o restante de sua composição de carboidratos, lactose, gordura e minerais.

Isolado : É o Whey protein indicado a quem tem intolerância à lactose ou algum transtorno digestivo. Por conta dos seus altos processos de filtragens ele acaba se tornando um whey mais puro e acaba sendo alvo daqueles que procuram uma proteína com menor percentual de carboidratos e maior concentração de proteínas.

Hidrolisado: É também indicado transtornos digestivos e intolerância a caseína. Passa pelo processo da quebra da molécula, da hidrolise, que facilita a digestão e absorção da proteína e é o whey com a absorção mais rápida do mercado

- Quando e como tomar Whey Protein?

É recomendado que o Whey Protein seja consumido logo após a prática da atividade física para que possa ajudar na recuperação muscular e potencializar o ganho de massa muscular, mas ele pode ser utilizado ao longo do seu dia a dia para ter a manutenção de massa muscular, por exemplo: naquela refeição que você não teve condição de consumir qualquer fonte de proteína.

Pode ser tomado em forma de shake diluído em 200ml de água ou leite, com a porção conforme for descrito no Whey utilizado. Quando diluído em leite integral o Whey protein se torna mais gorduroso, porém, haverá um aumento na concentração de proteína.

- Whey Protein engorda?

Whey Protein pode te engordar se tiver o consumo excessivo e de forma errada do produto, por ser uma fonte de proteína ele é importantíssimo para o auxílio de massa muscular, aliado a atividade a física e a uma dieta equilibrada, não há riscos de engordar.



- Quais são os benefícios do Whey Protein?

Aumento da imunidade

Controle do diabetes

Aumento de força e de construção dos músculos

Reduz o risco de doenças hepáticas e cardíacas

Ajuda na recuperação em pós operatórios

Redução do Apetite

Auxiliar em dietas

Controle da hipertensão arterial

- Quem pode tomar Whey Protein?

Com certeza o maior público do Whey Protein são de atletas ou pessoas que praticam algum tipo treinamento, mas também pode ser utilizado por idosos, gestantes, indivíduos que tenham alguma carência de nutrientes que estão presentes na composição do Whey. Só existe contra indicação para quem tem problemas renais, doenças crônicas e alergia a lactose.

REFERÊNCIAS

https://www.essentialnutrition.com.br/conteudos/whey-protein/

https://www.scielo.br/j/rn/a/PRpChxDqt3YYYvkN8KFRDmS/?lang=pt

https://www.gsuplementos.com.br/whey-protein-concentrado-1kg-growth-supplements-p985936

https://www.danonenutricia.com.br/adultos/alimentacao/whey-protein--o-que-e--para-que-serve-e-como-tomar

